website/docs/intro.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Introduction

## What is Tianji

One sentence to summarize:

**Tianji** = **Website Analytics** + **Uptime Monitor** + **Server Status**

### Why is it called Tianji?

Tianji(天机, pronunciation Tiān Jī) in chinese which means **Heavenly Opportunity** or **Strategy**

The characters 天 (Tiān) and 机 (Jī) can be translated as "heaven" and "machine" or "mechanism" respectively. When combined, it might refer to a strategic or opportunistic plan or opportunity that seems to be orchestrated by a higher power or a celestial force.

## Installation

Install Tianji with Docker is very simple. just make sure you have been install docker and docker-compose plugin

and then, run those command in anywhere:

```bash
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/msgbyte/tianji/master/docker-compose.yml
docker compose up -d
```

## Community

Join our thriving community to connect with fellow users, share experiences, and stay updated on the latest features and developments. Collaborate, ask questions, and contribute to the growth of the Tianji community.

- [GitHub](https://github.com/msgbyte/tianji)
- [Discord](https://discord.gg/8Vv47wAEej)
- [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/tianji)

Commit message:

docs: add default user info in intro page

website/docs/intro.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Introduction

## What is Tianji

One sentence to summarize:

**Tianji** = **Website Analytics** + **Uptime Monitor** + **Server Status**

### Why is it called Tianji?

Tianji(天机, pronunciation Tiān Jī) in chinese which means **Heavenly Opportunity** or **Strategy**

The characters 天 (Tiān) and 机 (Jī) can be translated as "heaven" and "machine" or "mechanism" respectively. When combined, it might refer to a strategic or opportunistic plan or opportunity that seems to be orchestrated by a higher power or a celestial force.

## Installation

Install Tianji with Docker is very simple. just make sure you have been install docker and docker-compose plugin

and then, run those command in anywhere:

```bash
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/msgbyte/tianji/master/docker-compose.yml
docker compose up -d
```

Default account and password is `admin`/`admin`, please change password ASAP.

## Community

Join our thriving community to connect with fellow users, share experiences, and stay updated on the latest features and developments. Collaborate, ask questions, and contribute to the growth of the Tianji community.

- [GitHub](https://github.com/msgbyte/tianji)
- [Discord](https://discord.gg/8Vv47wAEej)
- [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/tianji)
